Now the people of the five worlds are really too much
Don't take our talents into account at all
The Rough Place of the Five Realms
I never paid attention to the celebrities
Do you know who he is?
He is the current master of the Valkyrie
Dignified Valkyrie
Hahahaha
Hey chick, you said this invisible trash
It is the Lord of your Wuchengtai
The weight of our country in West Asia
Invincible Valkyrie
He is bullying us and has never seen the Valkyrie
Just like him
At most, it's a toilet sweeper on the Valkyrie
The Wushentai doesn't recruit useless blind people
Xiao girl
You can't be deceived, can you?
Just like him
At most, he's a swaggering liar
Come to hit us Fanglin again
You are so funny
The dignified Lord of the Martial God Platform
How can I fall in love with your woman?
Enough, don't say he's not a warrior
Even if he is the real Valkyrie
Our Fang family will not take it seriously
Think back to the year when the Martial God Platform was built
It is also a drama produced by our Fang family.
The cost of the five worlds in these years
It's all backed by our financial community
If not, we will fund it.
You martial artists
I'm afraid I have to beg for food in the streets and alleys
That's right, Kosuke has well-developed limbs
Simple-minded trash
It's time to know who should bow their heads
Master Fang Wen, I'm not here today to cause trouble
But to be with your family
reminisce